All right, Bitcoin. We are officially in
Chop City, but I'm going to tell you
what I think is going to happen next.
Now, so far since the 25th of June, I've
been right. We longed in the Casper crew
on the 25th of June. This trade here is
up $37,000 plus some. The other position
also up $37,000 plus some. We're up
$70,000 on these long trades. And that's
after closing a $65,000 profit short
trade from the trade we gave in the
Casper Crew from the top on the 14th of
May. So, make sure to like the video,
subscribe to the channel, and click the
bell for notifications because we are
bringing you the enchilada and the tacos
and the burritos. Elephant in the room
right now is the fact that we are
printing a bullish divergence on the
weekly time frame. Very rare signal. We
get this like once every four years.
Actually, we've only had this once in
Bitcoin's history. This is the bottom of
the bare market in 2022. Now, we are not
on schedule right now for the bottom to
be in. In fact, based on the last three
cycles, we're expecting the bottom to be
in around 365 days from the all-time
high. We are not quite there yet. That
puts us in October. Right around the
first week of October is when we would
expect our bottom to be in. So we do
have a little bit more time, but this is
a very bullish signal. Now I am not
going to sit here and say that a
confirmed bullish divergence on the
weekly time frame means that the bottom
is in. But what I am going to say is
when you see a confirmed bull divergence
on the weekly, it is absolutely a good
time to buy Bitcoin on spot. All right.
I I like to talk about it like we had
back here in this area in the spring of
2024 when we had a confirmed green dot
here. Technically speaking, this was a
confirmed hidden bullish divergence. Was
it a good time to buy here? Well, on
spot, absolutely. Because if we zoom out
on spot, yeah, we had another 30% drop.
But if you had bought here, guess what?
You would have ended up over 80% in
profit. Like 90% in profit. Now, is it
good time to leverage trade long? Well,
no. because from the confirmation of
this green dot, we end up with a 28%
drop to the downside where, you know,
you're pretty much uh going to get
liquidated if you're if you're trading
with high leverage, right? So, I'd say
it's the same kind of thing right now.
If we confirm this green dot, could be a
really good time to be buying on spot
because it tells us the low is very very
near, right? You can't confirm a bullish
div on the weekly and then expect to see
a continued downtrend for an extended
period of time. You just cannot see
that, right? I mean, you could see
anything, but the probabilities are
very, very low that this big downtrend
continues much longer. All right, so
what are we looking at right now? Well,
if this does confirm, we could
absolutely see some more upside before
we get another drop. And when we look at
our weekly time frame, well, this
objectively speaking is a bullish
signal. So, when we come down to our
daily now, you can see that we are
printing a red dot on the daily time
frame. This now gives us the local
context in which we can look for trades.
So, if we are actually actually going to
see this weekly divergence confirm and
see us come up maybe to $70,000, maybe
even up toward the mid70s, we would be
looking for a higher low. Now, notice
what's happening here. This is our
volume profile going all the way back
from February when we had our last big
drop below $60,000. We have gotten a
move below the fair value zone, right?
We had our test number one. We had our
fake out. We had our reclaim. So now if
we come back to this area, that's
actually going to be a bullish back
test. And we could really just be
looking at this as our sideways range
with our clearly defined low right
around here and our clearly defined high
right around here. Which means if we
continue to get a move to the downside
because of this daily, we have our
Fibonacci golden pocket and our
Fibonacci 786 coming in right in this
area between 59 and $60,000, which in my
opinion is a great place to be looking
for a back test and then allowing that
weekly divergence to play out, taking us
up to at least the 67ish,000 zone. And
ideally, we could come up to the mid70s,
the value area high of this sideways
range. So, this is kind of what I'm
looking for potentially here for a next
long trade. And of course, this would
take probably a few days to play out
because this red dot in the daily gives
a slow sideways grind and then once we
get that
that next trigger wave here, that could
be the ticket, right? That's kind of
what I'm looking for. Now, something
else I'm looking for right here is going
to be a short trade. All right, if we
manage to come up to this area that we
have right here, this is just based on
the weekend price action. We made this
first high over here on Monday the 6th
and then we made our second high here on
hang on let me remove this alert. We
made our second high right here on
Friday. Right? What this does is this is
leaving behind liquidity. This is
leaving behind stop losses and they
could very easily get hunted for a drop.
Now notice in this context we are
printing a red dot in the daily which
means probably in the next few days
sideways and down. So if we get a move
back up to here and New York has opened
about 15 minutes ago at the making of
this video. We got to move back up to
here and we're above this level. As soon
as we lose this level, we'll probably be
seeing some pretty bearish divergences
here, right? The money flow is coming
down on the 1 hour. We have the momentum
waves getting lower here on the 1 hour.
That'd be some pretty bearish
divergences, right? Looking like a a set
of good old-fashioned upside down uneven
butt cheeks, right? Big fat on the left,
nice and juicy, skinny on the right side
just to round out the booty. We can
actually go and superimpose on the
chart. stretch them out and see that the
resemblance is quite striking and that
could actually give us a short entry for
the day that could bring us down to our
long entry. Right? So, we could right
now be planning for a short and a long
trade. And of course, the way I like to
trade is once I get in a position, I
take a profit. Then I let the rest ride.
Like these trades that you see right
here, you know, I've already locked in
over 13 grand, 14 grand. And whichever
trade plays out right now is going to be
the winner, right? You're you're long,
you take a profit, you hold, you short,
you take a profit, you hold, you keep
your stop losses at break even, right?
And in the Casper crew, we give the long
trade on June 25th where we locked in,
you know, right now $12,000 plus another
20, so we're talking $32,000.
Of course, I got the other position open
here as well. Locked in $26,000 and we
gave the short trade on the 14th of May,
which I did close out for a $65,000
profit. And of course, now I've got this
other short running as well. So, in the
Casper Crew VIP Discord at Jason
Caspertrading.com, myself and other
instructors are giving you the trades in
the moment as we're taking them. We give
you the setup in advance and then if we
take a trade, we let you guys know.
Also, quick reminder, guys, KSEX, lowest
fees right now if you want to trade on a
centralized exchange, 10% deposit bonus,
0% limit order, 0.01% market order.
Absolutely amazing. Also, Bitbase right
now is offering $500 a week to you guys.
So, if you sign up using my link, you
don't even have to deposit anything. you
are eligible for $500 a week and I'll be
doing those giveaways in my live
streams. Quick reminder also, Antarctic
Decentralized Exchange is also where I
love to trade. You get super low fees if
you use my link on a decentralized
platform. So, back to the price action.
This is kind of what I'm looking for
today locally. Of course, I would also
look for a short around the 67 to
$70,000 zone. But the bullish idea right
now is that the low is in locally. We
get a back test and we make our way back
up to the top of this local range. The
bearish idea for today is that we come
and we get a stop hunt from these highs
that we made last week. Basically run
the stop losses and then lose that level
with the bearish divergences and come
back down to this area. And right now
that is how I'm approaching this
sideways price action. How I'm looking
for opportunity no matter what happens
in the market. So guys, that's it for
today's update. Make sure to like,
subscribe, click the bell for
notifications. God bless everybody in
the name of Jesus Yeshua the Messiah. I
pray you and your families are super
blessed. And I will see everybody in the
next video. Peace.